hey what's up Randy Van Patten here in
the drum vault vans drumming calm good
hiding behind this here cymbal stand I
got in front of me anyone ever seen home
improvement what's that do today mr.
Wilson is it and would never put his
face over the fence anyway there you go
that's better so check it out I'm the
reason for this wacky camera angles I
want to make sure you guys can see past
my hi-hat my snare drum for this lesson
it's basically gonna be a fill pattern a
quick little thing between the snare
hi-hat bass drum splash you may do like
it during a solo or a cool fill so it's
pretty basic and if you uh it's
basically gonna what I'm gonna do is
tilt the camera down and you'll be able
to start playing it what's that oh oh
yes yes don't forget uh huh if you have
not checked this out yeah this is office
rocker DVD it's been on the market since
the end of last year I tell you what
they're getting some awesome reviews
fully transcribed this thing is packed
packed packed packed if you like these
little piggy fills I'm doing it's
transcribed really really well you can
download a PDF and have like eight pages
of transcriptions and I tell you what
this thing's awesome for the money
you're not gonna be the deal so advanced
drumming calm when you an opportunity
it's called off his rocker
very cool alright that was my big
promotion for the day okay so here we go
back at it I'm gonna go ahead and tilt
the camera down so you're no longer
looking at my big ugly mug but you're
gonna see the kit and so forth instead
of looking at me so very good alright
let's kill that camera down here we go
alright so check it out this particular
fill is gonna be between these snare
hi-hat kick drum maybe a splash
whichever however you want to play and
again it's more of a little additive
during a groove or during a drum soul
you know you might just go in this
little little riff so really simple
really straightforward let me go ahead
and play it and then we'll slow it down
and break it down for you okay
very easy pretty much just doing doubles
so if you have your double stroke rolls
down right right left left right left
left right right left left and you can
you can really get that smooth on a drum
pad and your when in control you have
fully control over all your hands and
you know that's why we practice our
ribbons but if you can get a nice good
doubles going
then you can do this anyways so yeah
pretty simple kind of weird without this
like head it's like a headless drummer
guy and Zildjian so anyway so Jana back
in the field again really simple
right-right left-left on the snare drum
and then we're gonna bring your right
hand up to the highest so right right
left left right right then you can do a
bass drum let me play it again I'll
start slowing it down for you sorry I
get that first bass drum in there so
again really slow that's it it is so
simple it's not even funny how simple
this fill is slowly it sounds like okay
that's like a no-brainer but it's when
you speed it up it's like hello so here
it is slowly
so really it's right-right left-left
bass drum right right and the hi-hat
left left on the snare bass drum snare
and splash together ready again
so that last little after that we do the
opening it kind of speeds over the doo
doo bah you know
and you might say to yourself self
itself how would you play that in a film
or in a pattern if you're soloing oh
let's just see so 12 times but as you
can see if you get tasteful with it
you could just throw it in there once in
a while so maybe we go slower maybe
you're doing some more cool groovy fill
pattern or you're doing a solo and
you're kind of just improving slowly you
see
and I would recommend just doing it like
once don't don't like you know not twice
in a row I'm just giving you an example
of twice in a row but one time she'd
probably do it as part of my solo
well there you go
Finn's drumming rock'n'roll have a great
day in here from the village drum fault
here ready to be patent okay
stiff neck